c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\obj\Debug\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance.dll
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance.pdb
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\obj\Debug\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance.dll
c:\users\tarikul\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\obj\Debug\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance.pdb
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance.dll
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance.pdb
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\obj\Debug\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\obj\Debug\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance.dll
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\obj\Debug\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance.pdb
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Tarikul\Documents\GitHub\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance.dll.config
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance.pdb
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\obj\Debug\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\obj\Debug\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\obj\Debug\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance.pdb
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\CrystalDecisions.CrystalReports.Engine.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportSource.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\CrystalDecisions.Shared.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataDefModel.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ClientDoc.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ReportDefModel.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Controllers.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommLayer.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataSetConversion.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Prompting.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.XmlSerialize.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CubeDefModel.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonObjectModel.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ObjectFactory.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonControls.dll
F:\Github\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance-master\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\ProductCustomerSellMaintenance\bin\stdole.dll
